[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> As I look across my body,
your planet, your home,
I hear your voices, the
cries for help, the grief,
and the sadness of loss,
the confusion, the ignoring.
I see people who
don't want to look.
feel everything.
I see children who are confused.
They don't understand
what's happening.
I see old people who've lived
all their life in nature,
wondering what went wrong.
I see people in power,
turning their hearts cold,
so they don't have to see.
And I see people in power
with tears and openness
and willingness to change.
I see the constraints
you've placed
around yourselves, the
compromises, the challenges.
And I see the
beautiful expressions
of love, the people who create
small paradises in the hidden
corners of my body.
I see it all.
And I know you,
every one of you.
And I want to share
a message with you.
Whoever you are, wherever you
are, whatever your viewpoint,
you stand in this moment of
time before a great opportunity.
Every one of you knows in your
heart the language of love.
heart the language of beauty.
So I call you to
touch into that love
that you know, you
know it so well,
and to take it as your role,
your work, your contribution
to add to my beauty.
Because you are an
expression of me.
So whether it be in your
houses and your gardens,
a little patch of land,
or your big company,
you are charged with
the responsibility
to create beauty from a
place of love in your heart.
So this it's simple.
It's step by step.
It's every day.
It's every moment.
Look around you.
Are you seeing beauty?
Is there something
you can clean up?
Something you can grow?
Is there something you
can give to someone else?
Is there a little
moment of sharing?
A tiny touch?
An instant of beauty?
That's all it takes.
One moment and another
and another and another.
You know how to do this.
You know so well.
Every single one of you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]